The main feature of Fast Pass is its ability to store user passwords. Users can create accounts on our FastPass website and add multiple password entries. These entries, in addition to the passwords themselves, include other details such as site name, address, username, extra notes, and category type (social, retail, entertainment, and miscellaneous). This information is displayed on a user’s dashboard. The list of passwords can be further sorted by category. The total number of passwords overall and the number of passwords in each category are also displayed.
	To assist users with password creation, we developed a password generator that allows users to specify multiple conditions such as password length, special characters, and uppercase to create their ideal password.
	Users may also edit their password entries and modify any details where necessary. They may use our hyperlink display in the dashboard password list to simply click on the name of their password’s site and visit the link in their browser. Before this, users can press a button to copy the password to the clipboard. In addition, FastPass also allows users to export their password list into a .csv to facilitate offline storage. 
For security purposes, users may optionally enable multi-factor authentication. This additional layer of logging in can be activated for an account in the form of two-factor authentication by scanning a generated QR code from the “2FA settings” page into the “Google Authenticator” mobile app and inputting the subsequent one-time six-digit code. Afterward, any future log-ins will require inputting the one-time code generated from the app alongside the correct email and password. Users will also have the ability to disable 2FA should they so choose in the future. Furthermore, users will be automatically logged out of their session after 30 minutes of inactivity.

